Create subscript.md for swift on dictionaries (#5145)
Codecademy/docs: content/swift/concepts/dictionaries/terms/subscript/subscript.md

> ---
> Title: 'Subscript'
> Description: 'Accesses the elements of a collection, list or sequence.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Mobile Development'
>   - 'iOS'
>   - 'Computer Science'
> Tags:
>   - 'Dictionary'
>   - 'Properties'
>   - 'Methods'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-swift'
>   - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: 'Subscript'
Description: 'Accesses or modifies the value associated with a specific key in a dictionary.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'iOS'
  - 'Mobile Development'
Tags:
  - 'Dictionary'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Properties'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

```

> **`Subscript`** in Swift is a shortcut to access the elements of a collection, list or sequence. It is a syntactic sugar that allows you to access the elements of a collection using the subscript syntax `[]`. You can define subscripts in your own custom types, and the syntax is similar to computed properties. You can define multiple subscripts with different input parameters and return types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Subscript** in Swift is a shortcut for accessing elements of a collection, list, or sequence. It is syntactic sugar that allows the use of the subscript syntax `[]` to access elements. Subscripts can also be defined in custom types, with syntax similar to computed properties. Multiple subscripts can be defined with different input parameters and return types.

```

Author: I personally love this edits. Interplay of active and passive voices. Thanks

## Syntax

The syntax for defining a subscript in Swift is as follows:

> ```swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

> subscript(index: Int) -> Int {
>     // return value
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subscript(index: Int) -> Int {
    get {
        // Return an appropriate subscript value here.
    }
    set(newValue) {
        // Perform a suitable setting action here.
    }
}
```

```

> Subscripts can be used to provide a convenient way to access the elements of a collection, list, or sequence. They can also be used to provide a shortcut to access the elements of a collection using the subscript syntax `[]`.
> 
> For more information, you can refer to the [Swift documentation on subscripts](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/LanguageGuide/Subscripts.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Since we've said this earlier, let us not repeat it here. 
And we do not link to external resources

Author: Oh, I'm sorry. My bad. Duly noted. Thanks.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `subscript(index: Int) -> Int`: This defines a subscript that takes an `Int` parameter (index) and returns an `Int` value.
- `get`: The getter block should return the value corresponding to the `index`.
- `set`: The setter block should set a new value at the specified `index`. 
```

Reviewer: describing the parameters

Author: Yup. Thanks.

## Example

Here is an example of a subscript in Swift:

```swift
struct TimesTable {
    let multiplier: Int
    subscript(index: Int) -> Int {
        return multiplier * index
    }
}

let threeTimesTable = TimesTable(multiplier: 3)
print("Six times three is \(threeTimesTable[6])")
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The above code produces the following output:

```shell
Six times three is 18
```
```

Reviewer: Added the output block

> This example creates a `TimesTable` struct with a subscript that returns the product of the multiplier and the index. The subscript is accessed using the `[]` syntax.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a `TimesTable` struct with a subscript that returns the product of the `multiplier` and the `index`. The subscript is accessed using the `[]` syntax to compute the result.
```

> ## Summary
> 
> - **Subscript** in Swift is a shortcut to access the elements of a collection, list, or sequence.  
> - You can define subscripts in your own custom types, and the syntax is similar to computed properties.
> - Subscripts can be used with different types, such as classes, structures, and enumerations.  
> - Subscripts can be used to provide a convenient way to access the elements of a collection, list, or sequence.
> - For more information, you can refer to the [Swift documentation on subscripts](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/LanguageGuide/Subscripts.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Can be removed

Author: duly noted with thanks
